# Dash Packages<br />for Fedora, CentOS, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux<br />_...wallet, node, and masternode_

**Dash (Digital Cash)** is an open source peer-to-peer cryptocurrency that
offers instant transactions ***(InstantSend)***, private transactions
***(PrivateSend)*** and token fungibility. Dash operates a decentralized
governance and budgeting system, making it the first decentralized autonomous
organization (DAO). Dash is also a platform for innovative decentralized
crypto-tech.

Dash is open source and the name of the overarching project. Learn more
at https://www.dash.org/

Dash on github can be found here: https://github.com/dashpay

---

This repository is used to develop and maintain support for Dash natively built
and packaged for Fedora, CentOS, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Directly within
this repository you will the find latest source RPM packages archived. 

For more about the source packages and build instructions, please visit this
link: <https://github.com/taw00/dashcore-rpm/blob/master/README-source.md>

The source RPMs are used to build binary (runnable) packages that are then used
to deploy Dash Wallet, Node, or Masternode to Fedora, CentOS or Red Hat
Enterprise Linux systems. The binary RPMs are storied in YUM repositories that
are used by the automated package management systems of these operating
systems.  It makes deploying and maintaining Dash on a Fedora, CentOS, or RHEL
system dependable, more secure, and oh so very simple. This is arguably the
simplest way to deploy and manage a Dash Wallet, Node, or Masternode.

For more about the available binary RPMs, please visit this link:
<https://github.com/taw00/dashcore-rpm/blob/master/README-binaries.md>

## Send comment and feedback -[Todd](https://keybase.io/toddwarner)

_And come say hello to me. I am **t0dd**, **taw**, **taw00**, or **agrarian**,
in various forums: [dash.org's forums](https://www.dash.org/forum/),
[#dash:chat.cryptochat.io (matrix
network)](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#dash:chat.cryptochat.io), [#dashpay on
freenode IRC](http://freenode.net/), [Dash Knights 2.0 on
Telegram](https://web.telegram.org/#/im?p=@DashDigitalCash), and
[/r/dashpay/](https://www.reddit.com/r/dashpay) on Reddit._

